now the key keeper is working on getting
the water pump loose and the way this
works this is one of these autozone
lifetime guaranteed water pumps that is
to say that every six months when it
breaks and finally starts leaking around
the shaft seal you just take it off of
there you take it to the autozone store
and they hand you a new one well we're a
little tired of that so we're actually
going to get a different water pump on
this vehicle before we go ahead and our
new radiator must still be in the box
isn't it okay before we put our new
radiator in we're going to change the
water pump since it's much easier to get
at it now there's our new water pump and
there's our new radiator all right look
at that there's a dirty handed key
keeper with the old water pump and what
was a nice clean white box with our new
water pump a not supposed to do that
that's a good rebuildable core they say
they put that they send that back to
their factory at the North Pole and then
the elves there rebuild it for autosomes
lifetime warranty well yeah that's what
they do in the off season
[Music]
look how nice and clean that looks
compared to that dirty old engine
compartment and that dirty old water
pump down there well then I think they
really intend for you to do it from
underneath well there's our new water
pump going in folks getting further
every second key keepers in danger are
vanishing into the car again help watch
over your camera now there's the main
pulley going back on our water pump kind
of an adventure because it's kind of
cramped crammed ya know you want to call
it
mm-hmm okay oh you're not doing this so
that makes it all that much easier for
me to call it cramped yes
all right well after much work on the
part of the key keeper and really very
little on the part of me hache you we
have the air conditioning compressor
back in place we have the water pump put
back together but it doesn't look like
key keeper put the serpentine belt back
in place anyway the key keepers run out
of time for today and I don't know I may
take care of a few things here I may put
this sandwich with the fans and the
radiator and the air conditioning
condenser and transmission cooler all F
fun stuff I'm a sandwich all that back
together and get it ready to be set back
into place but for now that's the latest
news on our van radiator and water pump
replacement project
in your model
that's starting to look like a van again
van destruction is Kiki
well it is finally starting to look like
a van again you think you'll ever get it
back together
there it is this is our forehead
bothering the cat
get her out of the ice you meanie
[Music]
it runs again
nothing
your home yeah
yes this one right here is making some
difference
now for the real test
[Music]
looks like it's surviving so far
she certainly takes her time
well I guess we don't get a call in
about an hour well no it's fixed what a
job not as slow as she goes bizarre
forehead I don't think so
oh hey can't call me that anymore
oh that's right you got a haircut I did
yeah
all right well there you go folks that's
the final episode in the saga of the van